1.Statistics
    -DSNY removes 1.7 million pounds of debris from New York City's 6,000 miles of roadway each week and maintains 25,000 litter baskets.
    -Each summer day, NYC Parks picks up approximately 120 tons of garbage left behind at beaches, ballfields, picnic areas and other green spaces.
    -Marine wildlife, including New York’s native turtles, fish and sea birds, can become entangled in trash debris or mistake it for food, slowly killing them over time.
How we are gonna make money
    through donations
    through partners 

User journey on the app
Achievements - Completeted x amount of challenges (quests)
    (Daily Challenges)
    (Donation #)
    ()

    community garden planting trees recyling Donation
List of ideas for plans
    - Start a clean up event!
        -River
        -beach
        -Park 
        -Roads
    -Walks
        
Tier 1 all filled = bonus points

Tier 2 cleaning up local parks roads ect.

Tier 3 

Partners
 
Our partners get advertisement and exposure through using our services

Mission statement

(Allowing people to be a part of something bigger than themselves)

to combine information on environmental issues while also giving individuals an opportunity to act upon this information (first draft)

Why our company exists: Reduce our negative impact in regards to environmental crises

What makes us different: We give anyone the ability to create change (organizing their own events)



What are the problems our users may have?

Enviormental Crisis (all of our lives are in danger and it helps to contribute to preventing this in any way you can)

Lack of community (gives a new alternative to network while helping the environment and others)

unable to commit to a job (still able to get benefits (minuscule))

no experience in a certain field (you can volunteer for something related to what you want to do)


#Events

Come clean Central Park with me! 12:00 PM 11/23/2019 10019 6/25

    - We will be cleaning the south east corner. I will supply anyone who attends with gloves. If you have
    you're own trash picker you are more than welcome to bring it! Come out and meet people who want to make a change 
    just like you! 

Lets pick up litter on 5th Avenue! 9:00 AM 11/09/2019 10/20
    - We will be working our way up from 63rd street, if you happen to come late you will find us eventually if you walk up the streets!
    I have gloves for everyone who attends, so lets get our hands dirty!

Rockaway beach clean up! 10:00 AM 10/29/2019 73/100 *people*
    - //sponsor
    - We implore you all to join us as we make our way across the shore in an attempt to prevent litter from entering the ocean.
    Litter poses a great threat to marine life. Marine mammals, seabirds, and fish die from 
    being either entangled in or ingesting litter. With your help we can make the change we wish to see in the world.
    (We will be able to provide everyone with equipment, and you even get a *REALLY* cool shirt!)