Education: 
If every person in New York picked up one plastic bottle per day, we could reduce plastic polution by 25% by 2025.



Div1: 
"The Ocean Cleanup Device in the Great Pacific Garbage Patch Is Finally Working"
The Great Pacific Garbage Patch is a soupy concoction of plastic debris that formed in a convergence point for gyres, or massive ocean currents, in the Pacific Ocean. The patch covers a swath of water three times the size of France and it’s become emblematic of the larger crisis of plastic pollution affecting the ocean. Each year, an estimated 8 to 12 million tons of plastic enter marine environments, and there are more than 5 trillion pieces of microplastic in the ocean. 
The organization developed a low-energy way to deal with the problem. A massive floating device sits in the water and takes advantage of the movement of gyres to collect plastic waste in a 3-meter plastic skirt. After a few weeks of plastic accumulation, a boat travels to the device and removes the waste, then delivers it a recycling facility. The Ocean Cleanup then coordinates with manufacturers to create products from the plastic waste, which can then be sold. 

Source: https://www.globalcitizen.org/en/content/ocean-cleanup-great-pacific-garbage-patch-2/


Div2: 
"Last month volunteers came together to pick up millions of items of trash from beaches"
Last year’s International Coastal Cleanup collected more than 20 million items of rubbish, from plastic bags to bottle caps.

Source: https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2018/09/chart-of-the-day-in-just-one-day-volunteers-picked-up-20-million-pieces-of-trash-from-beaches

Div3: 
Use this plastic calculator to determine how much plastic you may be producing with the calculator below.
(you may not even realize how much it could really be!)

Plastic calculator: https://www.earthday.org/plastic-calculator/
Source: https://www.earthday.org

By noticing how many plastic, single-use items we rely on, we can find ways to reduce our usage over time by making small changes. Some recommendations from the National Resource Defense Council suggest to
1. Bringing your own reuseable utensils/straws as well as bottles
2. Bringing your own grocery totes 
3. Using natural exfoliants instead of microbeads 
4. Cooking instead of ordering in
5. Purchasing secondhand items instead of buying new
6. Buying items in bulk

Source: https://www.nrdc.org/stories/10-ways-reduce-plastic-pollution

If you are interested in making a more direct impact you can 
7. Rally and petition for action against pollution
visit globalcitizen.com/take-action